As  a  debater,  Lenny  was  something  of  a  _____  in  that  he  often  used 
subtly deceptive reasoning to win points. 
A. sage       
B. sophist     
C. stickler   
D. savant
E. quibbler   
F. scapegoat  

The company`s policies were _____: they lacked foresight, making no 
provisions for new product development. 
A. superfluous         
B. improvident
C. intrinsic   
D. myopic   
E. redundant  
F. sustainable  

Patricia is so_____ that she is unable to tolerate others deviating in the 
least from rules and conventions.
A. importunate 
B. imperturbable
C. unshakable 
D. punctilious 
E. complaisant
F. meticulous 

Flatfish, such as the flounder, are among the few vertebrates that lack relative bilateral symmetry (symmetry 
in which structures to the left and right of the body’s midline are mirror images). Most striking among the 
many asymmetries evident in an adult flatfish is eye placement: before maturity one eye moves, so that in an 
adult flatfish both eyes are on the same side of the head. While in most species with asymmetries nearly all 
adults share the same asymmetry, members of the starryflounder species can be either left-eyed (both eyes on 
the left side of head) or right-eyed. In the waters between the United States and Japan, the starry flounder 
populations vary from about 50 percent left-eyed off the United States West Coast, through about 70 percent 
left-eyed halfway between the United States and Japan, to nearly 100 percent left-eyed off the Japanese coast. 
Biologists call this kind of gradual change over a fixed geographic range a “cline” and explain clines as 
strong clues that the variation is adaptive, a response to environmental discrepancies. For the starry flounder 
this interpretation suggests that a geometric difference (between fish that are mirror images of one another) is 
adaptive, that left-eyedness in the Japanese starry flounder has been selected for, which causes a complex 
question: what is the selective advantage in having both eyes on one side rather than on the other? 
The ease with which a fish can reverse the influence of the sidedness of its eye asymmetry simply by 
turning around has made biologists study internal anatomy, especially the optic nerves, for the answer. In all 
flatfish the optic nerves cross,so that the right optic nerve is joined tothe brain’s left side and vice versa. This 
crossing leads to an asymmetry, as one optic nerve must cross above or below the other. G. H. Parker reasoned 
that if, for instance, a flatfish’s left eye moved when the right optic nerve was on top, there would be a 
wresting of nerves, which might be automatically unfavorable. For starry flounders, then, the left-eyed 
diversity would be selected against, since in a starry flounder the left optic nerve is dominant. 
The problem with the above interpretation is that the Japanese starry flounder population is almost 
merely left-eyed, a natural selection never contributes to a purely less beneficial variation. As other 
interpretations proved evenly unreasonable, biologists concluded that there is no necessary adaptive difference 
between left-eyedness and right-eyedness, and that the two properties are genetically related to some other 
adaptively important characteristic. This situation is one frequently met by evolutionary biologists, who must 
often determine whether a characteristic is adaptive or selectively neutral. As for the left-eyed and right-eyed 
flatfish, their difference, however evident, appears to be an evolutionary red herring. 
21.  According to the passage, starry flounder differ from most other species of flatfish in that starry flounder 
(A) are not basically bilaterally symmetric 
(B) do not become asymmetric until adulthood 
(C) do not all share the same asymmetry 
(D) have both eyes on the same side of the head 
(E) tend to cluster in only certain geographic regions 
22.  The author would be most likely to agree with which of the following statements about left-eyedness and 
right-eyedness in the starry flounder? 
I.  They are adaptive variations by the starry flounder to environmental differences. 
II.  They do not seem to give obvious selective advantages to the starry flounder. 
III.  They occur in different proportions in different locations. 
(A) I only 
(B) II only 
(C) I and III only 
(D) II and III only 
(E) I, II, and III
